Timer Resolution allows you to change the default Windows timer’s resolution in seconds and significantly improves the FPS for the games you are playing. The software can change your Windows PC’s default timer resolution in seconds.
It will help you improve the FPS for the games you’re playing, ultimately giving you a small advantage over other players.

If you are a hard core gamer you might faces two problems occasionally, one is being latency and the second is FPS drops. Timer Resolution helps you to manipulate the FPS. To fix the horrible micro-stuttering in games on windows all you need is a solution which helps you to correct FPS by correct i mean match the frames with game without dropping single frame.

It is especially visible in FPS games that you play online, such as Fortnite, where every second and detail matters, and your accuracy does, too.

When you use the default settings, you’ll probably know that the standard timer resolution will vary between 10 and 25 milliseconds.

It might not seem like a great deal of difference, but these small details can make a huge difference when you play FPS games or other games. And that’s where Timer Resolution can help.

If you test latency with each game you will notice the frame times pretty high which causes the frames to hitch in what gamers call “microstutter” its where the GPU skips a frame because it was rendered too late to be displayed in the amount of time required. Well that is all because of the default timer resolution in windows 10 is set to 35ms, So all you need to do is to manipulate the default value for do so Timer Resolution is all you need!

The default Window timer (for scheduling a specific event for a window in a while) is usually 10 to 25 milliseconds. Thus, Timer Resolution is developed for those who want to code for their windows to have a different timer length. Once set, this handy software will work while the application is still running and will auto-return to the last value when closed.
